feat: Optional and hint stories (#1669)
Amsterdam/design-system: storybook/src/components/Label/Label.docs.mdx

<Primary />

<Controls />

## Examples

### Optional

> Use the `optional` prop to indicate that the field is optional.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `optional` prop to indicate that the user doesn’t need to fill in the field to submit the form.
```

<Canvas of={LabelStories.Optional} />

### With hint

> Use the `hint` prop to either customize the text for the optional property or to privide another type of remark.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `hint` prop to either customize the text for the optional property or provide another type of remark.

Note: ensure the hint meets [language level B1](https://www.amsterdam.nl/schrijfwijzer/heldere-taal-basis-onze-huisstijl/).
For the same reason, the default hint text in Dutch is ‘niet verplicht’, not ‘optioneel’.
```
